docs(repology datasource): rewrite (#19290)
renovatebot/renovate: lib/modules/datasource/repology/readme.md

With [Repology](https://repology.org/) you can look up package versions from many package repositories.
You can combine Repology with [regex managers](https://docs.renovatebot.com/modules/manager/regex/) to update dependencies which are not supported by Renovate.

> To specify which specific repository should be queried when looking up a package, the `packageName` has to have the repository identifier and the package name itself, separated by a slash.

Author: > To specify which specific repository should be queried when looking up a package, the `packageName` has to have the repository identifier and the package name itself, separated by a slash.

I don't like this sentence. Do you have a suggestion to simplify it?

> To specify which specific repository should be queried when looking up a package, the `packageName` has to have the repository identifier and the package name itself, separated by a slash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `packageName` field should be constructed using the repository identifier and the actual package name separated by a slash.
```
